MMC NYSERDA Case

Documented by: Pat Hawbecker (hawbecke@ucar.edu)
Documented on: 2/21/22

*Note*
All of the python scripts will require user changes for file paths, usernames,
system settings, etc. Do not run any of the executables without first checking
the files first.


Files in this directory:
 - DownloadSST.py
    Python script to download the necessary SST files. This script should be 
    executed within the directory in which the SST files are to be saved.
 - LES_namelists
    namelists for all LES runs as run in the study (20 minute intervals once 
    all 5 domains are running)
 - namelist.input_Mesoscale
    Namelist for mesoscale run only
 - namelist.wps
    WPS namelist for all 5 domains
 - NYSERDA_OverwtieSST.py
    Python script to overwrite the SST field in the met_em files. This requires
    the default simulation to complete the WPS programs before it can be run as
    it will copy and overwrite the original met_em files with the auxiliary SST
    datasets SST values
 - NYSERDA_SetupScript.py
    Python script to setup the WRF runs as they were run in this study. This 
    script will automatically create a run directory, link WRF/WPS executables,
    generate the namelists and auxiliary files (tslist, myoutfields.txt, etc.),
    link the met_em files (if already created), and create submission scripts
    for supported HPC systems. This script assumes the user has permissions to
    create directories in the specified locations. Alternatively, if one does
    not wish to use this script, the necessary WRF files are provided here.
 - tslist_LES and tslist_Mesoscale
    The tslist files for the LES and Mesoscale runs that were generated by
    NYSERDA_SetupScript.py

